= Flipkart Api
Pulling data from flipkart using flipkart api. The initial release with simple FlipkartApi class to get categories, products in perticular category, deals of the day, top offers in json format.

=== Requirements
 Api Requests are sent using rest-client gem.

== Usage
 
 require 'flipkart_api'
 
 fp_api = FlipkartApi.new(Fk-Affiliate-Id, Fk-Affiliate-Token)
 
 categories = fp_api.get_categories(format)   #Format: json/xml, Returns the response from server: json/xml
 
 rest_url = fa.get_category_porducts_api(category_name) #Name is as present in the categories

 products = fp_api.get_products_by_category(category_name) #Name is as present in categories (xml/json). Returns upto first 500 products in JSON parsed data structure
 
 products = fa.get_all_products(rest_url) #Url is the one retured by get_categories/get_category_products_api. This method will get all the products in JSON parsed data structure

 products = fa.get_products(rest_url) #Url is the one returned by get_categories/get_category_products_api. Returns upto 500 products from the given rest api in JSON parsed data structure

 product = fb_api.get_product_by_id(product_id) #id assigned by flipkart for a product.
 
 dotd= fp_api.get_dotd_offers(format) #to get deals of the day. format = xml/json
 
 top_offers = fp_api.get_topoffers(format) 
 
 search = fp_api.search("key", format, no_records) # To search products. format= xml/json, no_records = 10 (10 is the max value and its optional)
 
 orders_report = fp_api.orders_report(start_date, end_date, status) # To get orders report.
   parameters: start_date = "yyyy-mm-dd"
               end_date = "yyyy-mm-dd"
               status = Pending/Approved/Cancelled/Disapproved
               
 
